# 2018-09-17 Meeting

## Date/Time:

Monday 2018-09-17 19:00-20:00 UTC

## Where:

<https://chefcommunity.slack.com/messages/sous-chefs>

# Agenda

## Development News
-   CircleCI update
  <https://github.com/sous-chefs/postgresql/pull/559>

-   Github Terraform
-   apache2
-   ~~line~~
-   [sc-nxlog](https://github.com/sous-chefs/sc-nxlog)
-   AOB
-   Vault

## Github Terraform
-   CI pipeline needs feedback to users.
-   Ben Abrams suggested using [Atlantis](https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis).
-   Needs codeowners file

## SC-NXlog
-   Needs releasing soon..!

## Vault & Consul Cookbooks
-   Needs to be unpoised
